Make mentions to IDBObjectStore.createIndex() clearer (#23362)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/idblocaleawarekeyrange/index.md

{{APIRef("IndexedDB")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}{{Non-standard_Header}}

> The **`IDBLocaleAwareKeyRange`** interface of the [IndexedDB API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IndexedDB_API) is a Firefox-specific version of {{domxref("IDBKeyRange")}} — it functions in exactly the same fashion, and has the same properties and methods, but it is intended for use with {{domxref("IDBIndex")}} objects when the original index had a `locale` value specified upon its creation (see [`createIndex()`'s parameter `options`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IDBObjectStore/createIndex#parameters)) — that is, it has [locale aware sorting](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IndexedDB_API/Using_IndexedDB#locale-aware_sorting) enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`IDBLocaleAwareKeyRange`** interface of the [IndexedDB API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IndexedDB_API) is a Firefox-specific version of {{domxref("IDBKeyRange")}} — it functions in exactly the same fashion, and has the same properties and methods, but it is intended for use with {{domxref("IDBIndex")}} objects when the original index had a `locale` value specified upon its creation (see the [`options`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IDBObjectStore/createIndex#options) parameter to [`IDBObjectStore.createIndex()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IDBObjectStore/createIndex)) — that is, it has [locale aware sorting](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IndexedDB_API/Using_IndexedDB#locale-aware_sorting) enabled.
```
